Ability to switch controllers in non-realtime loop (backport #2452) (#2610)
ros-controls/ros2_control: doc/release_notes.rst

* The default strictness of the ``switch_controllers`` can now we be chosen using ROS 2 parameters. The default behaviour is still left to ``BEST_EFFORT`` (`#2168 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2168>`_).
* Parameter ``shutdown_on_initial_state_failure`` was added to avoid shutting down on hardware initial state failure  (`#2230 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2230>`_).
* The controller manager now publishes ``~/statistics/names`` and ``~/statistics/values`` topics to introspect the execution time and periodicity of the different entities running in the realtime loop (`#2449 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2449>`_).

> * The controller manager now supports switching (activating and deactivating) controllers in both realtime and non-realtime modes. This is controlled by the parameter ``activate_asap`` of the ``switch_controllers`` service (`#2452 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2453>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The controller manager now supports switching (activating and deactivating) controllers in both realtime and non-realtime modes. This is controlled by the parameter ``activate_asap`` of the ``switch_controllers`` service (`#2452 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2452>`_).
```

> * The spawner now supports two new arguments ``--switch-asap`` and ``--no-switch-asap`` to control the behaviour of the spawner when switching controllers to be in realtime loop (or) non-realtime loop. By default, it is set to ``--no-switch-asap`` because when activating multiple controllers at same time might affect the realtime loop performance (`#2452 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2453>`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The spawner now supports two new arguments ``--switch-asap`` and ``--no-switch-asap`` to control the behaviour of the spawner when switching controllers to be in realtime loop (or) non-realtime loop. By default, it is set to ``--switch-asap`` to keep the earlier behavior (`#2610 <https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/pull/2610>`_).
```
